9/7/21
failed to start night routine at reasonable hour
failed to stop using discord when getting distracted but also needed to use it
failed to go outside at least once when no extrenal impetus
felt bad using computer but couldn't switch to better activity/environment
failed to actually check and use this mistake list
not sure what to do when sleepy but could get work done
9/8/21
-fail to do backups daily add to nr 
very poorly estimate how long getting the shelf would take and the setting update: TAP planning fallacy
failed to run programs when I should have: need to make them faster to run. need to make alias
-got mired in discord instead of going back to doing work. did the delay. increase delay and add a refresh
-mistake didn't get back to doing work. need to make plan tighter so know exactly what to do Update routine
need to make 5 steps here but need input for that
9/9/21
got tired by around 8 and procrastinated: accelerate plan, don't switch it around
spent time shopping during the day: ? maybe block during the morning on desktop? must add to tl?
on waking from nap did not move between activities fluidly enough: discipline
9/10/21
need to drink more water in the morning
-get water quality tested
-didn't remember magnesium
task need to get med list straight
when tired wasn't sure what to do so just felt bad about myself
need to clean a chair outside
get apple cider vinegar
ups
habit system
9/11/21
morning, after teaching, didn't spend my time well. got distracted with phone. NEED HABIT SYSTEM WITH ACCOUNTABILITY
when doing night routine, have been doing sidetasks that i could probably just put on tasklist
-should turn on dimmer at start of night routine
-should fill jar up every night for the morning
not considering totals
9/13/21
you didn't make plan the previous night. you should still make plan just hedge it better and reconsider. it's okay to reconsider
did not exercise
check coach.me
should have worked on something more? inspiration? don't ignore it and start?
unsure what I should expect from myself each day
don't know who can keep me accountable: who do I not want to let down? Zander? Alan? Space? Jayad? Daniel? parents? gautam? ask daniel
not acting quickly on inspiration?
9/14/21
when derailed, it's hard to start doing work. especially hard to start IR since you're so used to not starting. agree that it maeks sense
in the evening you waffled and didn't make a plan. just looked at watch stuff again. writetime
didn't start night routine when tired. block net with router
check email and discord too much. figure out what you use them for and just check twice a day
9/15/21
spent too much time on choosing a language. should have timeboxed, found other things to do, started on them, and moved on.
too much activation pressure to start doing SM. need to clean
putting off sleep too much. need to block email and other things. so what if it screws you sometimes. whitelist required apps 
9/16/21
not preparing food the night before. I need to have a meal plan
I'm not structuring my days effectively. I need to put pressure on daily habits and relax on filling the rest of my time: more pressure on sleep. tracking of habits
want to try doing nothing instead of procrastinating. never need to work, just do nothing. 
not exercising, need to do accountability with daniel maybe
need to make a github task page for thing
send guide on github pages to girl maybe
i don't really want to do IR and write as much now. I could maybe relegate that to 1.5 hours in the evening
plan: IR, IW, discord, email, TL, work, reading
9/17/21
didn't do as much development as I could have: need to record entire day
still need to plan meals
still need to plan meds and timing: 6g of citruline means 6 pills a day? creatine should be 8 too? need to check timing tomorrow
didn't record exactly what I was doing in plan
was not decisive enough on going
did not meditate: not specific enough. open up a book for 5 minutes. make microrules with Daniel #Daniel
do not have exercise schedule: jog and fundamentals
9/18/21
you don't love yourself enough and you don't know if you do
you don't read enough
you don't write enough
you're not plannign your day in terms of highest utility
you're not iterating your day by 
need some version of thread rambler
need to remember desperation
9/19/21
not reading enough
not writing enough
ot meditating
9/20/21
spent much time reading but didn't fully enjoy it because it felt like procrastinating. need clearer work/play demarcation: make the time after 6 free?
did not run food human plans: need to stick to plan, then will not be so bad?
spent too long on shower: shower for 30m max
good: did do exercise
did not timebox call: call.human
didn't plan evening when came back; didn't have clear alarms: run derailed_plan