9/7/21
failed to start night routine at reasonable hour
failed to stop using discord when getting distracted but also needed to use it
failed to go outside at least once when no extrenal impetus
felt bad using computer but couldn't switch to better activity/environment
failed to actually check and use this mistake list
not sure what to do when sleepy but could get work done
9/8/21
-fail to do backups daily add to nr
very poorly estimate how long getting the shelf would take and the setting update: TAP planning fallacy
failed to run programs when I should have: need to make them faster to run. need to make alias
-got mired in discord instead of going back to doing work. did the delay. increase delay and add a refresh
-mistake didn't get back to doing work. need to make plan tighter so know exactly what to do Update routine
need to make 5 steps here but need input for that
9/9/21
got tired by around 8 and procrastinated: accelerate plan, don't switch it around
spent time shopping during the day: ? maybe block during the morning on desktop? must add to tl?
on waking from nap did not move between activities fluidly enough: discipline
9/10/21
need to drink more water in the morning
-get water quality tested
-didn't remember magnesium
task need to get med list straight
when tired wasn't sure what to do so just felt bad about myself
need to clean a chair outside
get apple cider vinegar
ups
habit system
9/11/21
morning, after teaching, didn't spend my time well. got distracted with phone. NEED HABIT SYSTEM WITH ACCOUNTABILITY
when doing night routine, have been doing sidetasks that i could probably just put on tasklist
-should turn on dimmer at start of night routine
-should fill jar up every night for the morning
not considering totals
9/13/21
you didn't make plan the previous night. you should still make plan just hedge it better and reconsider. it's okay to reconsider
did not exercise
check coach.me
should have worked on something more? inspiration? don't ignore it and start?
unsure what I should expect from myself each day
don't know who can keep me accountable: who do I not want to let down? Zander? Alan? Space? Jayad? Daniel? parents? gautam? ask daniel
not acting quickly on inspiration?
9/14/21
when derailed, it's hard to start doing work. especially hard to start IR since you're so used to not starting. agree that it maeks sense
in the evening you waffled and didn't make a plan. just looked at watch stuff again. writetime
didn't start night routine when tired. block net with router
check email and discord too much. figure out what you use them for and just check twice a day
9/15/21
spent too much time on choosing a language. should have timeboxed, found other things to do, started on them, and moved on.
too much activation pressure to start doing SM. need to clean
putting off sleep too much. need to block email and other things. so what if it screws you sometimes. whitelist required apps
9/16/21
not preparing food the night before. I need to have a meal plan
I'm not structuring my days effectively. I need to put pressure on daily habits and relax on filling the rest of my time: more pressure on sleep. tracking of habits
want to try doing nothing instead of procrastinating. never need to work, just do nothing.
not exercising, need to do accountability with daniel maybe
need to make a github task page for thing
send guide on github pages to girl maybe
i don't really want to do IR and write as much now. I could maybe relegate that to 1.5 hours in the evening
plan: IR, IW, discord, email, TL, work, reading
9/17/21
didn't do as much development as I could have: need to record entire day
still need to plan meals
still need to plan meds and timing: 6g of citruline means 6 pills a day? creatine should be 8 too? need to check timing tomorrow
didn't record exactly what I was doing in plan
was not decisive enough on going
did not meditate: not specific enough. open up a book for 5 minutes. make microrules with Daniel #Daniel
do not have exercise schedule: jog and fundamentals
9/18/21
you don't love yourself enough and you don't know if you do
you don't read enough
you don't write enough
you're not plannign your day in terms of highest utility
you're not iterating your day by
need some version of thread rambler
need to remember desperation
9/19/21
not reading enough
not writing enough
ot meditating
9/20/21
spent much time reading but didn't fully enjoy it because it felt like procrastinating. need clearer work/play demarcation: make the time after 6 free?
did not run food human plans: need to stick to plan, then will not be so bad?
spent too long on shower: shower for 30m max
good: did do exercise
did not timebox call: call.human
didn't plan evening when came back; didn't have clear alarms: run derailed_plan
need to stabilize shower time
didn't run postnap immediately after waking from nap
should be able to chill by 8:30
9/25/21
thought too much about showering, need a standard time
should have went home earlier, should not have stayed out. think about usefulness in staying out more
should be less sarcastic and more straightforward with my speech
did not take meds after meals. did not drink enough water in morning (1.5 liters)
9/26/2021
I didn't drink enough water
I spent too long on showering again
I ate food instead of soylent, was not intentional about food choice
Do not know what to do when I get back home -
Don't have a good way to keep track of short-term tasks
9/27/21
when I got tired, felt angsty. did not immediately go on a walk - edited this
did not plan in such a way that I actually did meditation: need to anchor it more to a time post meditation? maybe read before exercise but meditate after it. or do it at night. or after nap? not sure yet
don't know how to handle planning of dev meta stuff
have still not shaved my head
don't know what to do when bored: walk, listen to anything by someone you like. start with ray dalio if nothing else. change.
checked messages while trying to do IR and while doing night routine
did not immediately throw away soylent bottle and peanut butter empty thing and wash it
did not actually consult meal routine
still don't have a sunday thing for going through stuff
9/29/21
not actually triggering programs: need to start using TAPs?
triage system should sort these out to categroy problems and outputs. need to put more time into it
cat
9/30/21
stomach not feeling good: get most calories at lunch
(interesting) didn't take nap but felt more or less fine
didn't have granola for acai place, should prep better
was almost late for a good bus because didn't check timing
didn't take any notes on any discussion
don't know the connection between spending time with people and happiness and utility
10/5/21
I didn't have a plan from the previous day so it was hard to choose what to do so I just wallowed
I was really uncertain about  what to do while wallowing. A scary amount. If I could go back, what done differently would have saved me?
I didn't take a nap when I felt tired enough to.
When wanting to procrastinate, didn't open increview nor IR
didn't do morning routine fully upon waking
last night slept too late and din't make a plan of when I wanted to sleep nor when I'd go to bored
I've gotten bad at responding to people quickly and don't have a time established for it #communication_error
I don't know what kind of software I'd want to have. Should I design what I want in advance. I should try it and see what happens
I'm sitting on bed not desk, didn't clean work area properly
still haven't sent LoA
10/6/21
I got home past 22:30
still don't know if hoodie or jacket
didn't accelerate plan when I could see I wasn't getting anything headphones
didn't get any IR done. didn't stick to plan past postnap

cassie: hpmor bound
deepu thanks
tao bounty
git compatability
ask daniel what he thinks about outsourcing and asking more questions in general

10/7/21
I almost didn't do night routine
I got home around 11:30 instead of around 10:30
I'm thinking too much about what to do and should just go ahead and goal factor
I haven't really tackled the health issues and made good plans of things. really should be using forge and habit tracking health/hair things
should get a pan
10/8/21
didn't do morning routine in morning: 1. I want to do my morning routine every morning. If I don't like it I can change it but I should at least run it. 2. I couldn't run it on watch. I used excuse of tiredness to not get up and try to fix it. or at least run it on phone. 3. if it happens again add a point to fix it as a TAP? I have an impression that being tired means I can just not try. I'm not sure what it should mean exactly. 4. I should figure out what I should do when tired
didn't fix that it wasn't working on watch in morning
didn't go outside during day
was screwing around and didn't make a plan
still haven't made forge
still haven't touched tasklist
still haven't figure out habit tracking -> ask ilan if he's interested
still haven't replied on prediciton market thing
spent too much on food today. should plan better when to make soylent powder for next few days reliable?
peanut butter not mixing in well with soylent? should maybe just add way extra to vite ramen
not eating the
how would triaging work? write out all problems. rate how bad they are. go from top and go through a flowchart version of 5 step and root cause finding?
how would I make that without having to put a bunch of effort

1. clarify the goal. 2. Identify the problems in the way of achieving the goal. 3. diagnose the root causes of the problems. 4. design plans to get around the problems. 5. do it

10/11/21
I didn't get much done in the evening because I didn't bring required items. need to refine bring list
spent money on eating outside. I don't like having only soylent but eating out is pricey. get cashews? and soylnet?
I feel angsty about not doing enough. Maybe I should journal?
I don't have a time set for my watch
I do'nt meditate
not sure if better to work at home or go out. need to scout mindset thingskeep losing my keys
need to spend more time on health stuff?

10/12/21
in the morning I took too long with the boxes. I shouldn't multitask as much
when coworking, I feel like I could have gotten more done if something had been different.
I took the nap too late
I don't think I actually got 2500 calories
I didn't actually wear the orange glasses
I didn't really follow plan. something is eating at my time
5-step: time dissapears: goal: to work and get things done. problem: when I start doing work, I don't keep doing it. I end up doing other stuff too. it interrupts work. coworking leads to more distraction on stuff like that.
I definitely didn't drink enough water

12/13/21
it feels like I'm on the edge of the self-awareness needed to not fall into needless samsara.
didn't do hair and nerva stuff. maybe do something more interruptive
still feel baseline stress a bit too much. maybe need to read how to love yourself?
focusing too much on work but not the person that would do the worked
what would you tell your master: you need to appreciate yourself as a person and to do what works for you as a human. you can't keep tryingto force yourself to be how you want. love yourself. you can't imagine how far you can go but it's pretty far.
12/15/21
feel like brain is burnt a bit.
didn't go out before nap
woke up from nap to use the bathroom; too much water too late in morning
didn't go out to meet friends in evening; should have done this
do not have predisposition to eudaimonic activities; this is not good
did relax+
did have some fun+
couldn't choose a thing to do before sleep: need to make it easier to just start reading. probably make list of eudaimonic activiaties
12/16/21
don't have working system for TAPs
not actually going through many mistakes. maybe should do in morning of next day
don't actually do eudaimonic activities when chance
don't listen to music I enjoy enough?
10/21/21
I'm failing to do morning routine and night routine because i'm not tracking them reliably: need to start doing habit tracking somewhere on something
I've failed to do urgent tasks in lieu of less urgent tasks because I lean towards doing productive tasks which feel rewarding?: do tasks which are most important without expecting outcomes
I'm not acting on enough of the root causes of the problems I'm facing. I'd benefit from more time spent on them I think
11/1/21
I failed to read sufficiently before hand about how to take what I was taking and have a good trip
I didn't do nerva in the morning
I didn't bring laptop charger
11/5/21
should've fixed the tooth thing as soon as we got back
don't have a way to record the weed -> sleep result for future use
atom autocorrect is really annoying
used phone too much on waking
11/6/21
didn't make clear plan for when i get home
I know I need to change something, to work differently, but I don't know what it is I need. What's the problem
not managing projects I need to keep up with well
